So I have loads of complaints. Now, first, let's start with this. Are you aware that the app icon is not how I described it to be, that I wanted it to be? Let's leave that first. Let not start with it. The first, this thing, the place where it's supposed to load ideas, it's actually slow, but that's fine. It does not load ideas quite quickly. Then capture works. The capture ideas works perfectly. Then the community section, when I still search for people, I will see the person's profile. Once I tap on the person's profile, it will show a white screen, then it loads up, then it shows profile not found, then I have to click back to go back to this thing. Then that's the community section. Then the AI studio. Now, AI studio is giving me issues. The get inspired section of the AI studio only records the first word. It does not take into account the second word. For example, I searched house hunting here. The ideas it's giving me is collaborating on house, what I learned from working with other creators. Third idea it's giving me is housemates versus reality. I tested them all. These are not quality content ideas. I need you to work with ChatGPT's actual API, or would you need for me to change the API that I'm using? Because I don't really know what's going on at this point. Then the analyze idea section under the AI studio, I checked options and I clicked analyze. It does not analyze anything, just the button presses down, but nothing actually happens. But okay. The trending ideas, and the trending now, I feel like we should be able to tap on them and see the structure that those videos follow, like what is making those videos trend, the opening hooks and the likes. Do you get? Then to the profile side, oh, my days. Now, it is beautiful that you added the edit username and all. Now, that's beautiful. But now, every type of username I put there shows that it is unavailable. Meanwhile, these are not unavailable in the database. So what is going on? I don't want you to work on anything. Take that into account. Don't work on anything. Do not touch any file. All I just wan